Collaborative Creative License 1.0

Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]
================================================================================

                                    PREAMBLE

This License is designed for projects which fall in the area between
“source-available” and “open-source.” Such projects provide more freedom to
collaborators than simply making the source code available, however they do not
grant collaborators or end-users the four freedoms of true “free software” which
typically define “open-source.”

Instead, this License is designed to allow collaboration on a project by those
who wish, while preserving the project owner’s exclusive right to distribute
and sell the compiled Binaries.

In this sense, contributing is an alternative method for the community
surrounding a project to further the project’s development through donation. In
this case, it is code, artwork, animations, sounds, or other assets which are
donated to the project, in place of (or in addition to) money.

This License itself is licensed under the MIT License and be freely copied,
modified, and re-used, provided the following conditions are met:

  - A note is made of any modifications within the new license;
  - The name is changed, to distinguish it from the original;
  - Any references to the name of the license steward (except to note that such
    modified license differs from this License) are removed.


                              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. Definitions
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.1 "This License" refers to version 1 of the Collaborative Creative License.

1.2 “The Owner” refers to [fullname]

1.3 “Contributor” refers to anyone who submits a Contribution to the Software.

1.4 “The Software” is defined as the combination of the Source, Documentation,
    Materials, and Binaries.

1.5 “The Source” is defined as any code written as part of the Software.

1.6 “Documentation” is defined as documentation of the Source, both within the
    Source files and in external files, such as Wikis.

1.7 “Materials” are defined as any graphics, models, animations, sounds, music,
    or other assets produced for the Software, which are provided with the
    Source or Builds, and can be subject to their own respective licenses.

1.8 “Builds” are defined as compiled versions of the Software for end-users.

1.9 “Contribution” is defined as any addition or alteration made to the Software
    by other persons than The Owner.


2. License Grants
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.1 This License grants any person obtaining a copy of the Source,
    Documentation, and/or Materials, the right to use, copy, modify,
    distribute, and re-publish the Source and to permit persons, to whom the
    Source, Documentation, and/or Materials are made accessible, to do so
    as well, subject to the conditions of Section 3.

2.2 This license grants The Owner the perpetual, irrevocable right to include a
    Contribution to any part of the Software and to use, copy,
    modify, merge, distribute, re-publish, sub-license, and sell the
    Contribution as part of the Software, subject to the conditions of Section
    3.

2.3 This License expressly forbids any person obtaining a copy of the Source,
    Documentation, and/or Materials, other than the Owner, the right to
    sub-license or sell the Source, Documentation, and/or Materials unless
    explicitly allowed by other licenses.

2.4 This license expressly forbids any person obtaining a Build of the
    Software, other than the Owner, the right to distribute, re-publish,
    sub-license, or sell the Build.


3. Conditions
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software, including the Source,
Documentation, Materials, and Builds.


4. Warranty and Liability
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
